Feel it comin' in the air (Yeah)
And the screams from everywhere (Yeah)
I'm addicted to the thrill (I'm ready)
It's a dangerous love affair (What's up, c'mon)
Can't be scared when it goes down
Got a problem, tell me now (What's up)
Only thing that's on my mind (Whats up)
Is who's gonna run this town tonight (What's up)
Is who's gonna run this town tonight (What's up)
We gonna run this town
We are, yeah I said it, we are,
This is Roc Nation, pledge your allegiance
Get ya'll black tees on, all black everything
Black cards, black cars, all black everything
And our girls are blackbirds, ridin' with they Dillingers
I'd get more in depth, if you boys really real enough
This is la familia, I'll explain later
But for now let me get back to this paper, I'm a couple bands down
And I'm tryin' to get back
I gave the other grip, I lost a flip for five stacks
Yeah I'm talkin' five comma's, six zeros, dot zeroes here it go,
Back to runnin' circles 'round niggas, now we squared up, hold up
Life's a game but it's not fair
I break the rules so I don't care
So I keep doin' my own thing
Walkin' tall against the rain (What's up)
Victory's within the mile,
Almost there, don't give up now (What's up)
Only thing that's on my mind
Is who's gon' run this town tonight (What's up)
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, heyy
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, heyy, (What's up)
Is whos gon' run this town tonight?
We are, yeah I said it we are,
You can call me Caesar, in a dark Czar
Please follow the leader, So Eric B. we are
Microphone fiend, it's the return of the God, peace God
(Ah! Ah!) And ain't nobody fresher, I'm in Mason
Martin Margiela,
On the tape we're screamin' fuck the other side, they jealous
We got a banquet for the broads, they got a table for of fellas
And they ain't spending no cake
They should throw they hand in,
'Cause they ain't got no spades
My whole team got dough
So my banquette is looking like millionaires' row
Life's a game but it's not fair
I break the rules so I don't care (What's up)
So I keep doin' my own thing
Walkin' tall against the rain
Victory's within the mile (What's up)
Almost there, don't give up now
Only thing that's on my mind
Is who gon' run this town tonight (What's up)
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, heyy
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey (What's up)
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, heyy,
Is who's gon' run this town tonight?
It's crazy how you can go from being Joe Blow
To everybody on your dick, no homo
I bought my whole family whips, no Volvo's
Next time I'm in church, please no photos
Police escorts, everybody passports
This the life that everybody ask for
This a fast life, we are on a crash course
What you think I rap for, to push a fucking Rav-4?
But I know that if I stay stun-ting
All these girls only gonna want one thing
I could spend my whole life good will hunting
Only good gon' come is as good when I'm coming
She got a ass that'll swallow up a g-string
And up top, uh, two bee stings
And I'm beasting, off the Riesling
And my nigga just made it out the precinct
We give a damn about the drama that you do bring
I'm just trying to change the color on your mood ring
Reebok, baby, you need to drop some new things
Have you ever had shoes without shoe strings?
What's that 'Ye? Baby, these heels
Is that a may? What?
Baby, these wheels
You trippin' when you ain't sippin', have a refill
You feelin' like you runnin', huh? Now you know how we feel, (What's up)
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey hey, (What's up)
Hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey,
Hey hey, hey, hey,
Hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey,
We gonna run this town tonight!
What's up!
