Homework 11's questions involve the week's readings, and running the lab programs for week 11.
Make sure you have downloaded the most up to date versions that we used in class Thursday's class.

1. Tuesday's lecture and the assigned reading described three main branches of machine learning. What are they, and what
are the situations in which each are useful?

2. If we were going to put it into one of the categories, what type of machine learning would a t-test fall into?
Explain your answer? If you don't know what a t-test is, its from statistics, feel free to ask.

3. What is over-fitting? How does it relate to the idea of type 1 and type 2 errors from statistics?

4. What is normalization, and how does it affect the data we are using? Why is it useful for supervised and unsupervised
learning?

5. In lab we have been using the k-nearest-neighbor algorithm. Which of the three categories is this algorithm in?
Why does it belong in that category? How does the algorithm work?

6. What are some situations where a k-nearest neighbor algorithm might work well? What are some situations where it
wouldn't work very well?

7. In 'classify.py', what does changing the MIN_MAX_KNN parameter do? How does this effect the way the algorithm
performs on data1.csv? Are there values that "break" the program and cause it to crash? Why?

8. What effect does the TRAINING_PROPORTION parameter have, both in terms of how it changes what the
program does, and also in terms of how well the k-nearest-neighbor algorithm is able to classify the data in data1.csv?

9. Why is the k-nearest-neighbor algorithm's accuracy not always the same? Hint: there is a random component. But what
is being randomized? What one line of code could we add to 'classify.py' to make the results consistent and replicable?
What would we be sacrificing by doing so?

10. Why does the k-nearest-neighbor algorithm perform better on data2.csv than on data1.csv? Explain this in terms of the
details of how the algorithm works, not just in terms of why the data in data2.csv is better.

11. What does the function analyses.compute_feature_correlations() do? What do you learn about the data, and the
performance of the classification algorithm, from the output of this method? Make sure you have VERBOSE=True.

10. If you added 20 random features to data2.csv, but retained the existing features, would that make the
k-nearest-neighbor algorithm perform better, worse, or have no effect? Why?